Assignment 1, 23.09.2021
Author: Zizao Zhou
(1) Analyze an electric heater as a system following Example 1.1.

Answer:Electric heater.Let us analyze here how one could analyze a given electric heater as a system
based on its peculiar operation and its necessary conditions of existence.
 OP Peculiar operation: Convert electric power to heat power
 C1 Condition of production: Different electric machine that can convert electric power into
heat power via some phenomena.
 C2 Condition of reproduction: Proper maintenance,connection to the grid.
 C3 External conditions: Specialized university to train personal to work, investments of the
government

(2) Give one example for each scientific rationalities presented in Section 1.2.1 similar to Example 1.2.

Answer:Effectiveness of antibiotic. There are many people defending theor position questionong the
effectiveness of antibiotic, and arguing that antibiotic should not be used by special groups.
Abusing of antibiotic will increasing bacterial resistance.
 
 Classical: Effectiveness of antibiotic is regulated by norms, historically established by the
scientific community and government.
 
 Non-classical: The effect of antibiotic can be computed by the experiment.
 
 Interventionist: Once the mechanisms of how the particular epidemic characterization of a
given disease, the researchers and public health professionals may become part of the
phenomena they investigate by designing interventions to help stopping the disrase.


(3) Download the air temperature data of one year from FMI at the city/region you currently live. Make four (arbitrary) time series plots for one year, one month, one week and one day.

Hint: Code like in the tutorial notebook.


(4) Consider a house with an electric heater. How the electricity consumption of the heater would be affected by the air temperature? Is there a way to change this?

Answer:The higher the air temperature, the higher the electricity consumption of the heater. We can
improve the structure of the house so that it stays warm in the winter and cool in the summer, or we can
also use air conditioners to assist heating while using electric heaters, because air conditioners save more
electricity than electric heaters.
